there are more twins today than ever
this is because the later you decide to
give birth the higher your chances to
get twins and people today tend to
create families later than ever before
there are more living things on and
inside your body than there are people
on earth and not just twice or three
times so the numbers are simply
mind-blowing
speaking of which bacteria make up from
two to nine pounds of your body weight
it's hard to imagine how many of them
there are in your body if you have a kid
be prepared for question bombardment an
average four-year-old asks something
over 400 times per day there's a chili
pepper you can't eat if you want to stay
alive it's never used in cooking though
it was designed as a painkiller
scientists believe Leonardo da Vinci
could write with one hand and draw
pictures with the other at the same time
talk about multitasking your outer skin
gets totally replaced each month overall
an average human sheds about 40 pounds
of skin throughout their life there's a
room in Microsoft's headquarters in
Washington that holds a world record for
being the quietest room in the world
standing inside it you can hear your
heart beating in August 2010 Beijing
witnessed the longest traffic jam ever
it lasted ten days and was 62 miles long
the metric system is the most widely
accepted system of measurement in the
world only three countries still use the
imperial units Liberia Myanmar and the
US
john d rockefeller still holds the
record as the richest man in the world
his net worth adjusted for inflation is
ten times more than that of Bill Gates
starfish can not only regenerate their
lost limbs but even a limb can
regenerate the whole starfish well
that's cool thanks to the Montreal
Protocol signed in 1987 scientists
believe the Earth's ozone layer will
fully restore itself within a half
century Yahoo in 2011 Forbes decided to
estimate the net worth of scrooge mcduck
they came to a conclusion that it was 40
4.1 billion dollars if taken together
all ants in the world will weigh as much
as the whole human population of the
planet and then some chicken are more
than twice as numerous as humans in 2009
their overall number in the world
was estimated to be eighteen point six
billion purple is the least popular
color when it comes to national flags
there are just two countries in the
world that use it in theirs Dominica and
Nicaragua if you've seen snow in your
lifetime consider yourself lucky
two-thirds of people on the planet can't
say the same thing about themselves
domestic chicken is the closest relative
of dinosaurs yes including the mighty
t-rex leaves on trees turn yellow and
red come fall because they don't have
enough warmth and sunlight to produce
the green pigment chlorophyll cold
nights and bright sunny days mean more
vibrant colors Bart Simpson should be
older now than his mother was in the
first season of the show
that is if the yellow family aged
normally
there's a $20 coin made in 1933 that was
sold 70 years later for more than seven
billion dollars also it was never
actually used as currency
don't ever suppress a sneeze if you
don't absolutely have to the pressure
can result in a rupture of a blood
vessel in your head or neck which can
lead to injury there's a town in
Honduras where every year at around the
same time of the year it rains fish
scientists don't have an explanation for
this phenomenon yet although there are
24 hours in a day there are more than 24
time zones on the globe some of them are
just 45 or even 30 minutes apart from
their closest neighbors Jeep is actually
an abbreviation originally it was called
a GP or a general purpose vehicle the
first Native American to greet the
pilgrims whose name was Samoset could
speak English even before he met them
sweden is the largest island country in
the world
it has over 220 1,800 islands only about
a thousand of which are inhabited a
jellyfish melts in the Sun because it's
95% water talk about cucumbers in 2012
twin girls Amy and Katy were born 87
days apart they're now in the Guinness
World Records for the longest gap
between the birth of twins all pandas in
the world zoo belong to China if you see
a giant panda at a zoo you can be sure
it's just a guest there if you were to
watch every video on YouTube you'd have
to spend one thousand years on that and
then about a thousand times more because
of all the new videos that would appear
by then a mouse's bones are so flexible
it can fit into a ballpoint pen sized
hole if a caged one make sure the grid
is small enough
the most popular language in the world
is not English and by far the title
belongs to Mandarin Chinese with over a
billion speakers around the globe the
record for the longest lasting hiccups
belongs to a man named Charles Osborne
he had this condition for 69 years
straight human fingers are extremely
sensitive as an evolutionary perk if
your fingertips were the size of Earth
you'd feel the difference between a
one-story house and a car China is home
to the most bicycles in the world
however at the most bike-friendly City
is Copenhagen in Denmark a giraffe's
tongue is so long the animal can clean
its own ears with it which it does every
so often I am jealous a hummingbird's
heart beats at an average rate of 1200
beats per minute that's 20 beats per
second only about 86 percent of the
world's adult population can read and is
considered a huge leap forward compared
to half a century ago
lobsters due to their cold-blooded
nature can come back to life after being
frozen and thought again and they are
delicious just saying prairie dogs kiss
each other to say hi ah Facebook can
qualify as a country of its own today
there are over 2 billion people using it
which is more than the population of the
US China and Brazil combined Africa is a
challenger though by 2050 it's estimated
to grow to 2.3 billion people living
there during a flight on an airplane our
sense of smell and taste is 20 to 50
percent lower than usual that's why the
food on board doesn't seem delicious
Japan is home to the oldest hotel in the
world it's been welcoming guests since
7:05 c/e
French was the official language of
England for about 450 years in 1066
William the Cutler who was of the French
origin brought the language to the
country some of the first graffiti of
the similar kind we have today appeared
in Pompeii
they date back almost 2,000 years the
full name of AHS from The Wonderful
Wizard of Oz by l frank Baum was
actually Oscar Zoroaster phadrig Isaac
Norman henkle and Manuel Ambrose Diggs
yeah I can see why he shortened it to us
less keystrokes cows are highly social
creatures and they even have best
buddies they spend most of their time
together whether they become upset if
they get separated - in case you didn't
notice goats have rectangular pupils and
they're the only animals with such an
eye structure there's archaeological
evidence of an extinct penguin species
that was about 6 feet tall
imagine a penguin looking at you
straight in the eye
hey nice ducks you too pal it reads
diamonds on Jupiter and Saturn this
happens because methane turns into
carbon which then hardens to become
graphite and eventually diamond high
heels were originally menswear in
ancient Egypt
butchers wore them to avoid blood on the
floor dogs don't see the world in shades
of grey in fact they can see colors just
fewer of them and people the name of the
man who invented cotton candy was
William Morrison he was a dentist
there's a thunderstorm in Venezuela that
occurs every year and lasts for about
140 to 160 nights it even has a name
Catatumbo michelangelo couldn't stand
painting the Sistine Chapel ceiling so
much that he even wrote a poem about it
ever got chills from listening to your
favorite track it's because your brain
reacts to it by releasing dopamine the
happiness hormone figures you probably
know that tomatoes are technically
berries right well bananas peppers and
eggplants are to John Cage an
avant-garde composer wrote the longest
musical piece in history it's supposed
to be played as slowly as possible and
it's estimated to take 639 years to play
to the end black belt in martial arts
such as karate translates from Japanese
as first step
that's because achieving the black belt
is just literally the first stage of
mastering the art with much more to come
yet Charlie Chaplin once entered a
Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest and
lost it the same happened with Dolly
Parton almost a hundred years later in
2012 Mark Zuckerberg is red and green
colorblind that's why he designed
Facebook in shades of blue that's the
color he can see best horseshoe crabs
have a total of 10 eyes two of which are
located right on its hard shell well
what did you expect from a creature
that's called a living fossil